the Central Bank of China the PBC is
hiring a team of people to develop a new
digital currency which utilizes the
blockchain technology they join the
other central banks which have publicly
declared they're looking into the
feasibility of blockchain this could
really be a GameChanger you came here
for the truth today we are going to look
at China I want to show you a few other
issues let's begin first with this
you've probably seen this billboard
before I've covered it here on this
channel many news outlets have covered
it as well what we are talking about
here is the world's Reserve
currency what you have today is the us
being the reserve currency of the world
but you've heard a lot of countries
talking about going away from the US
dollar then you have the actual actions
of various governments where they've
decided to do
business without using the US dollar
it's something very interesting that's
going on we are seeing barter taking
place between India and Iran if that my
memory serves me correctly where they
exchange gold for oil we have seen the
currency swaps taking place between
China and dozens of Nations we have been
witnessing a big change now the reserve
currency status gives that particular
country a monopoly because they're able
to accumulate so much debt knowing it's
going to be bought up now things are
changing countries are looking towards
new technologies and the blockchain
seems to be the Talk of the Town today
you could see this going on right now
with the rise of
cryptocurrencies the rise of blockchain
Technology really making it into the
mainstream you can see this as as being
something potentially for the future of
the banking industry of the different
trust Industries this is very important
to say the least and I know that we will
look back 5 years down the road 10 years
down the road and understand that this
is a very important time perhaps not for
you and I but maybe for the business
itself so let's look at this here for a
moment and understand that China is
doing something right now
that could be groundbreaking for
them China's Central Bank is recruiting
blockchain experts to step up efforts to
develop an official digital currency
okay this is coming from Shanghai daily
this would be something that isn't
something to take lightly this is a very
big step it doesn't mean that tomorrow
they're going to create this digital
currency it's going to put the us out of
business absolutely not but what it
means is that they are taking a step
into this direction I don't know what's
going to come of it exactly but you can
see what they're doing now they've been
looking into this since 2014 to sort of
do their research and many other
countries have done the same thing the
People's Bank of China's Institute of
printing science is offering six
positions on the design and development
of digital currency related software and
Hardware framework a recruitment notice
said so this is official it's official
information that's happening right now
as I've said this is not the okay the US
dollar is going to crash tomorrow but
what it does mean is that this Central
Bank amongst others are looking for new
ways to issue a currency to do business
to transact to be able to do all the
things they do today in a very different
way I think that's big I think it's very
big doesn't necessarily mean that
Bitcoin is going to rise to $10,000
because of this information but I do
believe it is relatively bullish for
digital currencies as a whole because it
sort of gives them a little bit more
credit as a result of this I don't think
that necessarily the People's Bank of
China if they were going to use a
digital currency that means that for
example ethereum is therefore worth more
or it's safer or anything else I just
think it gives more credibility to the
digital currencies I mean you're already
on digital currencies to begin with
that's primarily what uh every currency
is at this time despite how much cash
might be out there you can see that the
blockchain technology is going to become
something very important and blockchain
doesn't equate to bitcoin people need to
understand how this works the digital
currency
itself Bitcoin e ether and all the
others that you see out there are not
what you know the underlying structure
is the underlying structure is called
blockchain and blockchain is something
that could be used by many different
Industries it literally you can think of
it as having nothing to do with the
digital currency okay people need to
shake that idea a lot of a lot of talk
is really sort of blending the two
together and I obviously they are
connected but I think people need to get
past that understand what exactly
blockchain is I'm not an expert I'll
tell you that much but from what I do
know this could be the way that a lot of
these institutions are going so I
suggest definitely just peek around
watch a few videos about it and try to
understand understand not what Bitcoin
or or ethereum is but try to understand
what blockchain is okay I think it's
important even if you're not going to
put a single ounce
of digital money into Bitcoin or
anything else okay I just think it's
important to look at we know we need to
know where the future is heading okay
now Switching gears here just for a
moment GM dealer inventory what we are
looking at is the C apocalypse I mean
the inventories have risen to a 10year
high at this point but at the same time
we have very very low rates for people
to get cars I mean they're so cheap
right now the financing is unbelievably
cheap historically and yet the
inventories are piling up look at this
domestic car sales this is
ridiculous General Motors okay as an
example year-over-year change minus
33% Ford 23 and uh Chrysler 19 minus 19
you're looking at massive reductions in
the amount of cars that are being
purchased that are being financed right
now at this time you you don't see these
kind of drops often you need to
understand that that is big that is very
big why I believe there are many reasons
why this could happen a lot of people
will say that you know this is nothing
this is just simply look it's a little
blip but I would have to disagree I
think that what we are seeing here is
that people are cash strapped at this
time or at least a large bunch of the
population are cash strapped and they
simply can't take on any more debt
they'll take on more debt I assure you
but not unless they're given more debt
so if all of a sudden they can have a
credit limit expansion of
$5,000 will get people buying more stuff
that's the way it is so that's the way I
look at it anyway that's something else
I want to switch gears yet again to
something that I watch it's a very short
clip I suggest everybody watch
this the link will be in the description
you just go to sources click on sources
and then click on the link that I
used I mean this is
mosul after all of the fighting that has
taken place I mean this looks like it's
a computer graphic looks like it's
something out of a movie and you'll see
it for yourself I mean it's it's
unbelievable it looks like a nuclear
bomb went off and it it's sad it's it's
unbelievable to see it how destructive
this can be look at what war
does and then you look at all these
people who are displaced from here
I don't know if this was my home I'd be
pretty pissed
off that's just the way I look at it
anyway watch the video it's very short
it's it's one minute
long anyway that's all I want to say if
you found this video informative please
give me a thumbs up and last but not
least if you found the video informative
I know you will find my books The Money
G G PS and my new release global
economic collapse even more informative
you can flip through the books if you're
interested that is at Amazon the link is
in the description if you are too busy
to read if you
are um unable to read for any other
reason you just want that audio version
then you can get the global economic
collapse audio book at the money
gps.com take
care